his name is xxx this one's mine
and he drives a purebred car relax now
on DVD with an exclusive preview of the
new Pontiac GTO visit Pontiac calm slash
GTO for a chance to win a trip to meet
the cast of the filming of the xxx
sequel starring Vin Diesel Pontiac fuel
for the Soul bears it's a full day of
leaking city legends and it's only on
ESPN Classic don't miss your chance
Dixie on everyone from Sosa to Jordan in
some of the British ital games ministery
plus crippling sports entry profiles of
Chicago's biggest butt kisses dream was
to hit somebody so hard their head flew
off and much more classic Chicago starts
at 10 a.m. Eastern 9 central Saturday
January 18 be on ESPN Classic this
craftmatic model to electrically
adjustable bed cost no more than many
quality flat beds and when you buy
selected ones with optional heat and
built-in massage you get this fabulous
bonus a 25 inch color TV absolutely free
call toll free to receive complete free
information by mail in a flatbed you
have to use pillows to prop yourself up
but in a craftmatic bed you adjust
yourself into comfortable positions
automatically so you can watch TV read
and get a great night's sleep raise and
support your head neck shoulders back
legs and feet at the touch of a button
plus there's optional heat and built-in
massage to soothe you call toll free so
we can mail you our adjustable bed
catalog and the certificate for a free
25 inch color TV with bed purchase call
to get our free catalog and color TV
certificate by mail now there is
absolutely no obligation call toll-free
1-800 813 95 that's one 888-318-8974 or